Rewrite from Python to Go (#3)
lukasschwab/pandoc-blog: README.md

Author: Revisit this after resolving all the other comments.

    + `title`: a human-readable title for this post.
    + `date`: an ISO 8601 date (`make date`).
    + `abstract`: a summary you want to appear on the index. This can include valid Pandoc markdown.
    + `draft`: set to `true` to exclude from the index and feed.
3. Run `make all` to build an HTML file for each Markdown page, generate `index.html`, and produce `feed.json`.

### Utilities

+ `make date`: get an ISO 8601 date for frontmatter.
+ `make clean`: remove generated files.
+ `make hook`: configure a git hook to run `make all` before each commit (so each commit contains an up-to-date static site).

## How it works

`Makefile` is the most robust guide, but here's a high-level overview.

1. `pandoc` transforms each Markdown post in `posts` into a static HTML file in `gen`. The HTML is structured using `templates/post.html` and styled with `styles/common.css`.

> 2. `main.go` reads the YAML frontmatter of every Markdown post in `posts` (using [adrg/frontmatter](https://github.com/adrg/frontmatter)), generates index Markdown with links and metadata for all non-draft posts (sorted newest-first), and pipes it to `pandoc` to produce `index.html`. The index file is structured using `templates/index.html` and styled with *both* `styles/common.css` and `styles/index.css` (with the latter styles overriding the former).

Author: ```suggestion
2. `main.go` reads the YAML frontmatter of every Markdown post in `posts` and transforms this into an intermediate Markdown document of headers and metadata, which it pipes to `pandoc`.
```

> 4. `main.go` generates `feed.json` ([JSON Feed 1.1](https://jsonfeed.org/version/1.1)) with the full HTML content of each post, using [go-jsonfeed](https://github.com/lukasschwab/go-jsonfeed).

Author: ```suggestion
```
